add changelog for #7571 (#7681)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Improved handling of Spark projects in `firebase init dataconnect`. (#7666)
- Updated Firebase Data Connect local toolkit version to v1.3.7, which adds support for `v1beta` gRPC APIs and the `OrderDirection` enum in Swift, and makes transactional queries and mutations opt-in with the `@transaction` directive. (#7679)
- Add dataconnect SQL grant command `firebase dataconnect:sql:grant -R <role> -E email`. (#7656)

> - Handle paths with spaces in `getGlobalEsbuildVersion` function. (#7571)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added better handling for paths with spaces in `getGlobalEsbuildVersion` function. (#7571)
```
